hi everyone I'm marina and welcome to my
kitchen and today we're gonna be making
some cocktails because it is Rick's
birthday and we're gonna make one of
Rick's favorite cocktails and he would
like to call it a buttery scotch scotch
scotch e scotch or something what were
you calling it butterscotchy scotch a
buttery scotchy scotch not re butter
butter Scotch ice what you said buttery
butterscotchy Oh
butterscotch a scotch scotch in honor
Ron Burgundy of course in honor of Ron
Burgundy
and for any of you have had the Ben and
Jerry's butters no Scotch is classified
it is thought he's got scotches it's
really good ice cream but anyway this is
super simple butterscotch schnapps is
very low in alcohol but really good it's
too easy to drink
I could read old bottles sit now it is
really low alcohol though it's very
delicious so this is probably as simple
as you can get it's a really nice
sipping drink as a dessert beverage or
whatever you want to call it we're gonna
go in with two ounces I'm sorry two
shots of butterscotch schnapps cuz it's
your birthday and don't spill it like I
did and an equal part of heavy cream so
that's four ounces of butterscotch
schnapps pour ounces of heavy cream this
is also known as a buttermilk
it can also be known as a buttermilk
give it a good stir over some ice and
you have a delicious sipping beverage
and a happy birthday sweetheart it is
really yummy it is it's a little bit too
easy to train them thank you you're
welcome
and I'm going to fit I won't be sipping
it though I get it it's a little too
easy to drink right I'm gonna be making
a butterscotch truffle for you and that
one starts with some butterscotch
schnapps we're gonna go in with 12
and we're gonna go in with one ounce of
Irish cream
I have to pardon left-handed camerawork
and one ounce of chocolate liqueur this
is good Godiva look he'll make your butt
if you just have like creme de cacao
that'll work too and that is my short
drink because there's a lot of alcohol
there well - not as much of what rick
has and this is called a butterscotch
truffle and it's beautiful and tasty you
smell it oh you want to taste it that's
pretty good - oh wow oh that's
delightful ladies you're gonna love this
one it's a nice sweet dessert drink both
of these our butterscotch schnapps is
super cheap - this bottle cost like five
bucks granted the Godiva made up for it
because that one isn't five dollars so
if you get your cheap stuff well.all
schnapps is cheap yeah I haven't seen a
bottle of schnapps that's expensive so
you know use what you got you know what
you can add to Rick's if you add if you
add let's see you can add some Kahlua in
there instead of making it a double you
can actually add an ounce of Kahlua and
an ounce of vodka and you end up with
what do they call that a buttery Russian
yes so you know there's all kinds of
ways you can go with this you don't need
a whole lot of ingredients if you have a
few of these things on your shelf then
enjoy them from time to time that's what
life is all about enjoying things that
you love but doing it in moderation so
here I highly recommend the butterscotch
schnapps
it is really incredible give it a try
and so that is what we're doing today
for Rick's birthday these are a birthday
cocktails I hope that you try them I
hope that you love them and until next
time we'll see ya thank you for joining
me in my kitchen today I hope you like
you watch today and I hope that you try
an animal bitch 11 if you'd like to some
please since they're okay to eat thumbs
up button and you can get positive
rating and also make sure that you eat
the subscribe up if you're not a
subscriber to you don't miss out on any
of the fun we have here in our kitchen
every single day you can also follow me
on Facebook and Twitter and Pinterest
and Instagram and Google+ and blogger
I have blog over there and you can take
a look at that you can subscribe to that
beat as well and don't forget that every
recipe that you see me do here on
YouTube with the exception of a few
earlier ones you can access all of the
recipes over on my website marine
station where you will find printer
friendly versions of those recipes so
you can print them up for your own so I
hope that you enjoyed it I'm really glad
that you're here
thank you for stopping by don't forget
to come by tomorrow until next time
happy